Steve a figured it out. He just, he just, that's also.
Steep a like we're getting how you friends a lot of, but that's steep.
A he's best, the most com you know, accomplished heavyweight of all time.
Yeah. I mean, you have to look at him, his accomplishments,
you look at the guys that he stopped and the guys, he defended his title.
Like Ray stop FIO wins. The title stops. Ster stops June.
Your do Santos. I mean.
The only reason why Stevie doesn't get enough credit as he should is because all
those guys are a step past their prime, right? Like to me. Yeah. The,
and I don't, I love Steve to me, what's more impressive when Kane beat JDS,
that was prime JDS, who was the,
and Kane put his head right in the middle of his chest and did work after
getting knocked out.
In the first round Fox in the biggest fight in MMA history. That was.
Insane. Insane, insane. Like that, that, to me,
that's a little more impressive than what, when, what, when Steve, a beat JDS,
cause that's JDS after an whooping by Kae rounds.
It is more impress, but amount of an whoop been basical.
But's almost as impressive as surviving that first round against Francis.
I don't know who would've agreed. Survived.
There's not a lot of guys that would've survived that round the way steep a did
DC, DC, man. I wonder he.
Ate that punch from Anthony rumble. Johnson. How about that kid?
And popped the back up. Yeah. Oh God. Yeah.
Jesus Christ. But John owed him.
Yeah. It's John Jones. Yeah. John Jones speaks everyone we're talking about.
But maybe see the thing about Francis.
I'm very curious to see what he looks like. No, no, not, not what I'm saying.
I'm very curious to see what, what he looks like in this next fight.
Cause we're gonna find a lot about whether or not he's able to correct mistakes,
whether his conditioning is just one of those things with all that fast Twitch
muscle fiber. What, whether he is not gonna be able to go five rounds hard.
I don't think he's gonna turn into Nate Diaz. No. You know,
or something like that. I, I think it might be a tad better.
The way he could get better is not using all his energy on power punches. Like,
so maybe it's more of a experience thing.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> but with Derek Lewis,
he also pedal to the metal and his hardest too. He does.
And he's been in know he's been in some serious trouble that Travis brown fight
mm-hmm <affirmative> like he was in serious trouble.
Man. Yeah. Yeah. He's uh, he's a warrior for sure. I mean,
that guy has been in some crazy fights, crazy fights.
He's dangerous. Both are.
Super dangerous.
I mean, he wants that fight too. Derek Lewis is asking for that fight.
They both wanted it. They both wanted that.
Fight. This is gonna be crazy. Super.
Crazy. I,
I think the craziest thing on the car to me is how many people are riding off
DC. He's the underdog against DBA. Yeah. I have DC beating a man. Do you?
Yeah. I know you hate pigs, but when I, when I break down the fight,
I look at what that's terrible picture makes DBA look super small and DC look
giants. Yeah. That's crazy. We got small St. Bay looks.
DC. Looks like he's like a gigantic he person.
He looks like Brock Lesner D looks.
Like five. What are they.
Doing? Steve pay looks like a Bantom weight. <laugh> it's hilarious. Yeah.
One says 76 inches. One is 71 inches. None of that bothers.
Me, man. Like the, the reach, the height,
cuz DC's dealt with that entire career gust. Mm-hmm <affirmative> John Jones.
Luke guys had even bigger.
Reaches.
I think also one thing to take into consideration is Steve a doesn't throw a lot
of kicks. He's not a big kicker. Bingo sir. Yeah. He's more of a boxer.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and um, you know, he's,
DC's also gonna be able to get under him easier mm-hmm <affirmative> than any
guy's ever fought before.
I mean DC's what five 11 mm-hmm <affirmative> is he about five 11? If that yeah.
You know he's gonna, and he, he has top of the food chain wrestling, man.
Remember what he did to.
Henderson dude and Barnett.
Barnett launch Barnett in the air, launched him in the air. slammed him.
Barnett's up big fella. Yeah.
And can grapple his.
Out. He can grapple his off. And DC took him for a ride son.
But the Henderson fight was the most impressive to me because Henderson,
even though he is smaller than DC, he's a stud.
And he was an Olympic silver medalist himself and DC just raged.
Dolled him. See? And, and people go,
I see some people discredit DC a little bit when they go,
when he won the grand PR in Strikeforce, that was a different time.
Those heavyweights were older. And you know, those, the, the games evolved.
When I look at steep, a I'm like heavyweights haven't really evolved that much,
man.
You don't see a guy throwing a lot of kicks and mixing up wrestling jujitsu.
Like you look at Steve A's game, it's boxing or wrestling, you know,
that's very similar to what DC's used to beating.
So the times when he is in trouble guy, like John Jones,
who mixes up and he's a nightmare. You're when youre just box.
That's what I'm saying. When you're,
when DC goes in a fight and you're just boxing or wrestling, DC's his,
the reason why DC's gonna go down is one of the greatest of all time is his
mental game, bro. He's so his, his fight IQs. Crazy. Yeah.
He's tough as. And you know the, like, if you look
who else does it the way John does where they they're really good at everything,
they win by submission. They win by knockout. They win by, you know, mighty.
Mouth. You'd have to go all you'd have to go to a lighter.
Weight. Those are the two, right?
Because even KA Kane would Moai and Kane would
for sure wrestle in ground in pound, but he never really submitted anybody.
No Kane's thing was wrestling to smash you.
Yes. Smash outwork. You and yeah. Outwork.
You get you to get you exhausted to the point where you didn't,
you never even believed you could be that embraced.
The grind. Yeah. Which DC has been training with Kane forever for this fight.
Yeah. And, and who.
Is Kane back now? He training.
Yeah. He's helping him. Wow. So, so when I look at that, I go, alright, a,
a Kane style is almost identical to steep. A but steep has a little more power.
Yeah. As far as cardio wrestling. Yeah. Kane's better at those things, man.
Well.
Kane was better than anybody that ever lived for like two years.
There was a nightmare. Yeah. There was a Mo I mean,
and he just got injured so many times there was so many injuries with him.
But like when you look at what he was able to do with real
tough guys, just break them down. Real tough guys.
But you know, he's had shoulder surgery back surgery, knee surgery. I mean,
after a while,
everything was just given out because of the force of his will and his workouts
are so tough. Those guys at AKA, you know,
like Dana was giving them a hard time at one point in time saying something
about, you know, that they they're always getting hurt, but they win.
That's what,
how you get killer is like Kane to get a guy that's got that kind of mind.
He's used to being in that horrible misery of trying to break someone he's used
to it does it all the time. So.
Does DC, they all do it all the time. And then DC went all, go there and train.
And remember DC before he went there, he trained with us in Denver. He didn't,
he wasn't that good. You know, lovey is wrestling was ridiculous,
but he moved there and then he just followed suit. You got John Fitch,
you got cost check. You got KIB.
KIB you Rockhold. Yeah, man, when Rockhold gets people on the ground,
smashes him. When he got Wideman on the ground wide was stuck under a building.
Same thing with Leo Maita. You, you look at him and you go, oh, David Branch,
branch, same thing, black belt gets you down.
And his top game is just murderous. Oh dude.
I heard he's cuz of who he's training. With's training with.
Those guys. I, I have friends who,
who are watching him train down in Florida and they were just saying his,
his Jisu, they wouldn't gimme names. They said world class, Jesu guys,
he's up rolling. Like just destroying. No, he's a.
He's a freak athlete. He's strong. And he's long. He's got like long leverage,
but he's also got physical.
Strength. He was supposed to fight Guin until he hurt his leg. What official?
Uh, he got a huge gash in it. He has staples. I think he posted,
it looks terrible. That would be.
An interesting.
Gust.
Gustin post Amir, no.
Time, no time son. So you think.
Steve pay and DC goes to DC by decision? Yep. Think he out rustles him.
I just think he outworks him.
I think he outworks him and I don't think it's a classic fight.
I just think hopefully more people appreciate DC after this. I,
I look at both of them. They both have to embrace the grind thing as, as,
and as long as DC can avoid that big power punch early on, he's gonna be fine.
And he's so smart, man.
Well, I definitely think he's really smart,
but I also think that steep a is a really good striker and he's a bigger guy and
he's got a long reach and he's probably one of the best heavyweight strikers
that DC's ever fought. He's got real one punch knockout power at heavyweight.
He throws clean shots. He doesn't have any fat in his punches.
He'll stand here like this and drop one in too. He.
Credit is his best shot.
He's got a chin. He's tough as. He loves being champion. I agree. You know,
he might, he might have a lot to prove here and you know,
he doesn't throw a lot of kicks, but it doesn't mean he can't.
He can throw 'em if he wants to,
if he thinks that's part of the strategy and he wants to throw head kicks.
I mean, it'd be cool to see. I don't see him kick. Yeah, I have. He can.
Kick. He can kick it.
It's a difference between kicking and practice and pulling off against a world
class. That's true guy like DC. He's a big guy, man, but,
but DC has tendencies man. And that's where John, that's why John Jones goes,
I'm gonna knock him out by head kick. Cause if you look at the video, DC's here,
he's he's down there, man. He's susceptible to it. So that's why he sees it.
But did John fake a right hand and then.
Throw that left eye kick. He was setting up, he was throwing to the body,
throwing the body. Yeah.
And then threw it out and then you see DC go over and then it whack.
Yeah. See if you could find that clip of John Jones,
KA in DC here it is powerful. Jamie. Oh man. Just land it per
let me say that one more time. First one. Yeah.
You, you know what's interest about this.
Right? Go, go back to, sorry, go back to the beginning. Watch this. How the.
This only up dude. That was beautiful. The way he did that.
That was God. I hope John comes back. It was.
Beautiful. There was like no fat in that at all, man. That was.
Beautiful. Oh, amazing. Boom. Think how good DC is and for him to do that.
Amazing. Ridiculous man. Smashed him. Dude. Look at this.
So ridiculous.
He took a couple extra shots there that he didn't need to take. Well.
There's a lot of. Now they're even going back at it on Twitter. But John Jones.
Here.
Here, he here's the perfect case scenario. If, if you're, you know,
if you're screw McDuck and you're sitting down and you're looking at the UFC
roadmap, you're like, we love Steve a, he's been a great champion,
but if they could plan it, like you're Vince McMan and WW,
you want DC to win.
And then John to come back and at heavyweight you have DC,
John Jones fight for world title to heavy weight and they have bro gone.
I got next, wait in the back, going I got next
ratings, ratings, ratings, ratings, ratings, ratings, going snitch, take a hike.